# Ethereum-Smart-Contract-Generation-and-Analysis
In this repo we are going to analyze the state of the abilities of LLMs in the context of code generation, particularly for the generation of smart contracts in Solidity, in the Ethereum blockchain.

Colab notebook link: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/12s8TVTnXznFPud3_t3ceRYYAfVIOaxfL?usp=sharing

Overleaf thesis link: https://www.overleaf.com/7338477329hfxfchnwktsf#5c9fcc

*Analysis:*

Contains everything regarding the analysis phase, all the files needed to analyze the contracts that we generated.

1. Mythril and Slither script files are used to perform the analysis using Slither and Mythril over all the contracts inside a folder.
2. The plotting files analyse the output of the scripts and extract the relevant data, also generating plots.
3. slither-analysis and mythril-analysis are the output of the analysis of 250 contracts generated by DeepSeek-Coder.

*csv:*

Here we have two csv containing the filenames, the prompt used and the contract generated for both GPT-4 and DeepSeek-Coder. The CSV is used to link the prompt to the actual generated contract.

*_contracts folders:*

Contains the contracts generated using DeepSeek and GPT.

*_results folders:*

Contains the output of the scripts that use Mythril and Slither to analyze the contracts, divided by model, so we have the results for GPt and the results for DeepSeek.

*helper:*

Useful functions to analyze the outputs

*plots:*

It contains all the plots generated during our studies, divided by model.

